CC0 1.0 Universal

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator and
subsequent owner (the "Owner") of an original work of authorship and/or
a database (the "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for the
purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and scientific
works ("Creative Commons" or "Commons") that the public can reliably and
without fear of later claims of infringement build upon, modify, incorporate
in other works, reuse and redistribute as freely as possible in any form
whatsoever and for any purposes, including without limitation commercial
purposes. These owners may contribute to the Commons to promote the ideal of
a free culture and the further production of creative, cultural and other
works, or to gain reputation or greater distribution for their Work in part
their copyright and related rights in the work. Anyone wishing to use the
Work need not notify the Owner, but should attribute the Work to the Owner.

For purposes of this document, "Copyright and Related Rights" includes, but
is not limited to, the following:

i. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display, communicate,
   and translate a Work;

ii. moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or performer(s);

iii. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image or likeness
     depicted in a Work;

iv. rights protecting against unfair competition in regards to a Work,
    subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below;

v. rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in a Work;

vi. database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the
    European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal
    protection of databases, and under any national implementation thereof,
    including any amended or successor version of such directive); and

vii. other similar, equivalent or corresponding rights throughout the world
     based on applicable law or treaty, and any national implementations
     thereof.

2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of,
applicable law, Owner hereby waives and covenants not to assert (and agrees
not to assert) any of the above rights in the Work, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law. Owner also grants to each person who receives
the Work (a "Recipient") a license to exercise all such rights, including
but not limited to the rights set forth in paragraphs 1(a) and 1(b) above,
in all jurisdictions worldwide, and without any obligation of notice or
attribution to Owner or any other person or entity.

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be
judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver
shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted. In addition, to the
extent the Waiver is so judged, Owner hereby grants to each Recipient a
perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, worldwide
license to exercise the Copyright and Related Rights in the Work (i) in all
fields of use, including the rights to reproduce, distribute, publicly
display, publicly perform, make available, and otherwise communicate to the
public the Work by any means and in any format or medium now known or
hereafter developed, and (ii) to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell,
import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to
the extent that the exercise of the above rights is restricted by copyright
and related rights law.
